OSU News Digest

How the beloved treat gets is flavor, texture and tricky reputation as an ingredient
Ohio State ranked a top producer of Fulbright U.S. scholars and students
U.S. Rep. Anthony Gonzalez donates papers to Ohio State
National Academy of Engineering adds 3 Buckeyes

                        Four Ohio State scientists named AAAS Fellows
                    

                        Ohio State’s online nursing master’s program ranked No. 2 in nation
                    

                        John J. Warner named Wexner Medical Center chief executive officer and university executive vice president
                    

                        A chat may help convert a peer to a pro-sustainability stance
                    

                        Black youth aren’t isolated in segregated neighborhoods
                    

                        A quasiparticle that can transfer heat under electrical control
                    

                        Theatre on the move
                    

                        New executive director calls Wexner Center for the Arts opportunity ‘the dream’
                    

                        Fiona Hill speaks about dangers of autocratic rule
                    

                        Now what? Biden plans end to COVID-19 emergency declaration
                    

                        China now publishes more high-quality science than any other nation
                    

                        What is the FAA’s NOTAM? An aviation expert explains
                    

                        Ohio State Spring Game set for April 15
                    

                        Rolling Stones tribute lights up the ’Shoe at halftime
                    

                        Paris Johnson Jr. Foundation recipient of Armed Forces Merit Award
                    
Study Links Smoking to Memory Loss, Cognitive Decline
How sharing kindness helps ease anxiety and depression
4 Brain-Healthy Foods This Neurologist Recommends to Patients
Ohio State boasts graduation rate more than 20% above national average: report
Ohio State, Columbus State to partner with other Midwestern schools for microchip research
This Smart Necklace Soaks Up Your Sweat to Track Health
Have long COVID? Program at Ohio State Wexner Medical Center could help
Can you learn about new things without even trying?
Ohio State president touts 'big wins' during State of the University address
Gestational diabetes during pregnancy is rising. Experts are alarmed.
Ohio State's Innovation District to Bring Groundbreaking Advances in Health Care
Covid is rampant among deer, research shows
Ohio doctor provides holiday prep advice amid nationwide surge in omicron variant
Ohio State University’s New Plan For A Debt-Free Undergraduate Education
Watch the Ohio State Marching Band’s Incredible Halftime Salute to Rush
OSU researchers looking for volunteers to take candy break to identify COVID-19 symptoms
Ohio State collecting dust to track down COVID-19 on campus
Thinking Leisure Is a “Waste of Time” Can Worsen Your Mental Health
Intent to Hire
Tricks for Making a Vacation Feel Longer—and More Fulfilling
A black hole dubbed 'the Unicorn' may be galaxy's smallest one
Ohio State, Nationwide Children’s start to see fruits of research labor
Study Shows Social Distancing Does Cut Your Odds for COVID-19
This Startup Wants To Make Zero-Emissions Portable Power A Thing
